[OUDS] Add "Font" tokens, utilities and documentation (#2774)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/0.0/migration-from-boosted.md

Technically, it means that you can get rid of the following things:
- Helvetica Neue woff2 files: `fonts/HelvNeue55_W1G.woff2`, `fonts/HelvNeue75_W1G.woff2`, `fonts/HelveticaNeueW20-55Roman.woff2`, and `fonts/HelveticaNeueW20-75Bold.woff2`.
- `orange-helvetica.*.css` file (default, RTL, or minified version).
- If you were customizing your Sass compilation, you can remove the `@import "orange-helvetica";` line from your Sass files if it was there.

## Content styles

#### Typography

- <span class="badge text-bg-success">New</span> Fonts' sizes are now responsive and can change depending on the screen size. See [Typography]({{< docsref "/content/typography/" >}}) for more details.

- <span class="badge text-bg-success">New</span> A `max-width` has been added on all font references for readability reasons. If you want to get rid of the `max-width`, please use our `.mw-none` width utility.

- <span class="badge text-bg-success">New</span> Selected text is now styled with a specific text `color` and `background-color`, making it easier to spot and to read.

> - <span class="badge text-bg-danger">Breaking</span> Display headings classes `.display-{1|2|3|4|5|6}` have been removed and replaced by `.display-{small|medium|large}`. You can still have them using `$enable-bootstrap-compatibility`.

Author: ```suggestion
- <span class="badge text-bg-danger">Breaking</span> Display headings classes `.display-{1|2|3|4|5|6}` have been removed and replaced by `.display-{small|medium|large}`. You can still have the previous ones using `$enable-bootstrap-compatibility`.
```

    1. **Mixing Bootstrap numbers**: Search for `([" \.][mp]|-?gap)[tblrsexy]?-[a-z]{0,3}-?n?\d`, when you match multiple on one line, consider using one of our [scaled spacing utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing#notation-for-scaled-values" >}}) (for example, `.mb-1.mb-md-2` → `.mb-scaled-shortest`).
    2. **Remaining standalone classes**: Follow the previous guide going through all the standalone classes.

> ### Text

Reviewer: In Fonts, I would have said "the font will be **slightly** different depending on the operating system" (since fonts should be globally equivalent....

    1. **Mixing Bootstrap numbers**: Search for `([" \.][mp]|-?gap)[tblrsexy]?-[a-z]{0,3}-?n?\d`, when you match multiple on one line, consider using one of our [scaled spacing utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/spacing#notation-for-scaled-values" >}}) (for example, `.mb-1.mb-md-2` → `.mb-scaled-shortest`).
    2. **Remaining standalone classes**: Follow the previous guide going through all the standalone classes.

> ### Text

Author: I'd add that `.ll-*` have been removed because all font references already have a max-width by default.
